Add charts (#300)
kubernetes-sigs/azurelustre-csi-driver: charts/README.md

## Install from working copy

```console
helm install azurelustre ./charts/latest/azurelustre-csi-driver --namespace kube-system
```

## Install a specific version (after repo add)

```console
helm install azurelustre azurelustre-csi-driver/azurelustre-csi-driver --namespace kube-system --version 0.5.0
```

## Search for all available versions

```console
helm search repo -l azurelustre-csi-driver
```

## Upgrade (example: bump driver image tag only)

```console
helm upgrade azurelustre azurelustre-csi-driver/azurelustre-csi-driver --namespace kube-system --set image.tag=v0.5.1
```

Or from local chart:

```console
helm upgrade azurelustre ./charts/latest/azurelustre-csi-driver --namespace kube-system --set image.tag=v0.5.1
```

## Uninstall

```console
helm uninstall azurelustre -n kube-system
```

## Tips

- Dry run rendering: `helm template test ./charts/latest/azurelustre-csi-driver -n kube-system | less`
- Skip Lustre client install on nodes: `--set node.lustreClient.install=false`
- Change Lustre client version (per flavor): `--set node.jammy.lustreClient.version=2.15.7 --set node.jammy.lustreClient.shaSuffix=<sha>` (similarly for `node.noble`)

> - Increase verbosity: `--set controller.extraArgs={"-v=5"} --set node.extraArgs={"-v=5"}`

Reviewer: **Heads-up: this tip silently drops a production-safety default.**

`extraArgs` is a full list replacement, so `--set controller.extraArgs={"-v=5"}` removes the chart's default `--enable-azurelustre-mock-dyn-prov=false`. I verified what that means against the compiled driver:

- `azurelustre --help` → `-enable-azurelustre-mock-dyn-prov ... (default true)` (Go prints `(default …)` only for non-false bools — the adjacent `-enable-azurelustre-mock-mount` shows no default).
- Run with the flag omitted and no cloud config present → `azurelustre.go:207 no cloud config provided, driver running with mock dynamic provisioning`.
- Run with `--enable-azurelustre-mock-dyn-prov=false` → `azurelustre.go:211 no cloud config provided, error` (fails loudly, as intended).

So dropping the flag re-enables a test-only mock provisioner in production — the code comment at `azurelustre.go:146` says "DO NOT set as true in non-testing scenario".

On verbosity: `-v=5` is already the default in `values.yaml`, and the driver's own `klog.V(...)` calls top out at level 5 (levels in use: 2, 4, 5 — no `V(6)+`), so this example doesn't actually raise verbosity. If you override `controller.extraArgs`, the key point is to keep the safety flag:

```suggestion
- Override controller args (keep `--enable-azurelustre-mock-dyn-prov=false`, or the controller falls back to a test-only mock provisioner): `--set "controller.extraArgs={-v=5,--enable-azurelustre-mock-dyn-prov=false}"`
- Override node args: `--set "node.extraArgs={-v=5}"`
```

Author: I just flipped the default to enable dynprov. Clearly it's working in production.
